{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11280\viewh12960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 WebSDP\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
WebSDP is a web application written in PHP that lets you browse channel listings, search for shows and people, view the PVR planner, and control the set-top box. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Installing\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This application requires a web server with PHP enabled. If you are running Apache and PHP is not enabled, uncomment the line containing \'93PHP\'94 in your httpd.conf configuration file. Then restart the web server.\
\
Copy the WebSDP and SDPWebFramework folders to your web server documents folder, or make some symbolic links:\
\
	cd /Library/WebServer/Documents\
	ln -s ~/Downloads/sdp-web-php/WebSDP websdp\
	ln -s ~/Downloads/sdp-web-php/SDPWebFramework SDPWebFramework\
\
Then you will be able to access the app by going to:\
\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost/websdp/index.php"}}{\fldrslt http://localhost/websdp/index.php}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 API Key\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Each application uses a unique API key to connect to the Service Delivery Platform. To run this application, you'll need to get an API key from the SDP developer portal:\
\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.sdp.nds.com"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.sdp.nds.com}}\
\
Create a new application. When prompted for an application URL, enter a link like the following, substituting the path to the application on your web server. This allows control to return to the application during the authentication process.\
\
	http://localhost/websdp/index.php\
\
When you have created an application, copy the API key and paste it in the config.php file.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Settings\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
The settings tab lets you customize the SDP server, household ID and device ID. Unless you need to change these values, leave them set to their default values. }